

Tom Waits - Heartattack and Vine - cover art











Heartattack and Vine


&copy;1980 Asylum Records
Asylum 6E-295 (inner bag)
Asylum K52252Length: (44:30)  




Track List, Lyrics and Notes





Tom Waits: Heartattack and Vine - Lyrics







Heartattack and Vine

&copy;1980 Elektra EntertainmentAll selections by Tom Waits unless noted.
Tracks


Heartattack and Vine
In Shades
Saving All My Love For You
Downtown
Jersey Girl
'Til the Money Runs Out
On the Nickel
Mr. Siegal
Ruby's Arms
















Heartattack and Vine


liar liar with your pants on fire,
white spades hangin' on the telephone
wire, gamblers reevaluate along the dotted line,
you'll never recognize
yourself on heartattack and vine.

doctor lawyer beggar man thief,
philly joe remarkable looks on in disbelief,
if you want a taste of madness,
you'll have to wait in line, you'll probably
see someone you know on heartattack and vine.

boney's high on china white, shorty found a punk,
don't you know there ain't
no devil, there's just god when he's drunk,
well this stuff will probably kill
you, let's do another line,
what you say you meet me down 
on heartattack and vine.

see that little jersey girl in the see-through top,
with the peddle pushers sucking on a soda pop,
well i bet she's still a virgin 
but it's only twenty-five 'til nine, 
you can see a million of 'em
on heartattack and vine.

better off in iowa against your scrambled eggs,
than crawling down cahuenga on a broken pair of legs,
you'll find your ignorance is blissful every goddamn time,
your're waitin' for the rtd on heartattack and vine.




In Shades

[Instrumental]



Saving All My Love For You


It's too early for the circus,
It's too late for the bars,
no one's sleepin' but the paperboys,
and no one in this town is makin' any noise,
but the dogs and the milkmen and me.

The girls around here all look like cadillacs,
no one likes a stranger here,
I'd come home but i'm afraid
that you won't take me back,
but i'd trade off everything just to have you near.

I know i'm irresponsible and i don't behave,
and i ruin everything that i do,
and i'll probably get arrested when i'm in my grave,
but i'll be savin' all my love for you.

I paid fifteen dollars for a prostitute,
with too much makeup and a broken shoe,
but her eyes were just a counterfeit,
she tried to gyp me out of it,
but you know that i'm still in love you.

Don't listen to the rumors that you hear about me,
cause i ain't as bad as they make me out to be,
well i may lose my mind but baby can't you see,
that i'll be savin' all my love for you.





Downtown


Red pants and the sugarman in the temple street gloom,
drinkin' chivas regal in a four dollar room,
just another dead soldier in a powder blue night,
sugarman says baby everything's alright,
goin' downtown down downtown.

Montclaire de havelin doin' the st. vitus dance,
lookin' for someone to chop the lumber in his pants,
how am i gonna unload all of this ice and all this mink,
all the traffic in the street but it's so hard to think,
goin' downtown down downtown.

Frankie's wearin' lipstick pierre cardin,
i swear to god i seen him holdin' hands with jimmy bond,
sally's high on crank and hungry for some sweets,
she's fem in the sheets but she's butch in the streets,
goin' downtown down downtown.

It's the cool of the evening the sun's goin' down,
i want to hold you in my arms i want to push you around,
i want to break your bottle and spill out all your charms,
come on baby we'll set off all the burglar alarms,
goin' downtown down downtown.

Red pants and the sugarman in the temple street gloom,
drinkin' chivas regal in a four dollar room,
just another dead soldier in a powder blue night,
red pants turns to sugarman and says everything's alright,
goin' downtown down downtown.





Jersey Girl


Got no time for the corner boys,
down in the street makin' all that noise,
don't want no whores on eighth avenue,
cause tonight i'm gonna be with you.

'cause tonight i'm gonna take that ride,
across the river to the jersey side,
take my baby to the carnival,
and i'll take you on all the rides,
sing sha la la la la la sha la la la.

Down the shore everything's alright,
you're with your baby on a saturday night,
don't you know that all my dreams come true,
when i'm walkin' down the street with you,
sing sha la la la la la sha la la la.

You know she thrills me with all her charms,
when i'm wrapped up in my baby's arms,
my little angel gives me everything,
I know someday that she'll wear my ring.

So don't bother me cause i got no time,
I'm on my way to see that girl of mine,
nothin' else matters in this whole wide world,
when you're in love with a jersey girl,
sing sha la la la la la la.

and i call your name, i can't sleep at night,
sha la la la la la la.





'Til the Money Runs Out


check this strange beverage that falls out from the sky,
splashin' bagdad on the hudson in panther martin's eyes,
he's high and outside wearin' candy apple red,
scarlet gave him twenty seven stitches in his head,
with a pint of green chartreuse ain't nothin' seems right,
you buy the sunday paper on a saturday night.

can't you hear the thunder someone stole my watch,
I sold a quart of blood and bought a half a pint of scotch,
some one tell those chinamen on telegraph canyon road,
when you're on the bill with the spoon there ain't no time
to unload, so bye bye baby baby bye bye.

droopy stranger lonely dreamer toy puppy and the prado,
we're laughin' as they piled into olmos' el dorado,
jesus whispered eni meany miney moe,
they're too proud to duck their heads
that's why they bring it down so low,
so bye bye baby baby bye bye.

the pointed man is smack dab in the middle of july,
swingin' from the rafters in his brand new tie,
he said i can't go back to that hotel room
all they do is shout,
but i'll stay wichew baby till the money runs out,
so bye bye baby baby bye bye.





On the Nickel


sticks and stones will break my bones,
but i always will be true, and when
your mama is dead and gone,
i'll sing this lullabye just for you,
and what becomes of all the little boys,
who never comb their hair,
well they're lined up all around the block,
on the nickel over there.

so you better bring a bucket,
there is a hole in the pail,
and if you don't get my letter,
then you'll know that i'm in jail,
and what becomes of all the little boys,
who never say their prayers,
well they're sleepin' like a baby,
on the nickel over there.

and if you chew tobacco, and wish upon a star,
well you'll find out where the scarecrows sit,
just like punchlines between the cars,
and i know a place where a royal flush,
can never beat a pair, and even thomas jefferson,
is on the nickel over there.

so ring around the rosie, you're sleepin' in the rain,
and you're always late for supper,
and man you let me down again,
i thought i heard a mockingbird, roosevelt knows where,
you can skip the light, with grady tuck,
on the nickel over there.

so what becomes of all the little boys,
who run away from home,
well the world just keeps gettin' bigger,
once you get out on your own,
so here's to all the little boys,
the sandman takes you where,
you'll be sleepin' with a pillowman,
on the nickel over there.

so let's climb up through that button hole,
and we'll fall right up the stairs,
and i'll show you where the short dogs grow,
on the nickel over there.




Mr. Siegal


I spent all my money in a mexican whorehouse,
across the street from a catholic church,
and then i wiped off my revolver,
and i buttoned up my burgundy shirt,
i shot the morning in the back,
with my red wings on,
i told the sun he'd better go back down,
and if i can find a book of matches,
i'm goin' to burn this hotel down.

you got to tell me brave captain,
why are the wicked so strong,
how do the angels get to sleep,
when the devil leaves the porchlight on.

well i dropped thirty grand on the nugget slots,
i had to sell my ass on fremont street,
and the drummer said there's sanctuary,
over at the bagdad room,
and now it's one for the money, two for the show,
three to get ready, and go man go,
i said tell me mr. siegel,
how do i get out of here.

well willard's knocked out on a bottle of heat,
drivin' dangerous curves across the dirty sheets,
he said man you ought to see her,
when her parents are gone,
man you ought to hear her when the siren's on.

you got to tell me brave captain,
why are the wicked so strong,
how do the angels get to sleep,
when the devil leaves the porchlight on.

don't you know that ain't no broken bottle,
that i picked up in my headlights,
on the other side of the nevada line,
where they live hard die young,
nd have a good lookin' corpse every time,
well the pit-boss said i should keep movin',
this is where you go when you die,
and so i shot a black beauty,
and i kissed her right between the eyes.

well willard's knocked out on a bottle of heat,
drivin' dangerous curves across the dirty sheets,
he said man you ought to see her,
when her parents are gone,
man you ought to hear her when the siren's on.

you got to tell me brave captain,
why are the wicked so strong,
how do the angels get to sleep,
when the devil leaves the porchlight on.





Ruby's Arms


I will leave behind all of my clothes,
I wore when i was with you,
all I need's my railroad boots,
and my leather jacket,
as i say goodbye to ruby's arms,
although my heart is breaking,
i will steal away out through your
blinds, for soon you will be waking.

The morning light has washed your face,
and everything is turning blue now,
hold on to your pillow case
there's nothing i can do now,
as i say goodbye to ruby's arms,
you'll find another soldier,
and i swear to god by christmas,
there'll be someone else to hold you.

The only thing i'm taking is
the scarf off of your clothesline,
i'll hurry past your chest of drawers,
and your broken window chimes,
as i say goodbye
i'll say goodbye,
say goodbye to ruby's arms.

i'll feel my way down the darken hall,
and out into the morning,
the hobos at the freightyards,
have kept their fires burning,
so jesus christ this goddamn rain,
will someone put me on a train,
i'll never kiss your lips again,
or break your heart,
as i say goodbye
i'll say goodbye,
say goodbye to ruby's arms.


tracks









Home |
News |
Biography | 
Music | 
Touring | 
Interviews |
Acting | 
Misc |  
FAQ


