[2003-10-09] downloaded and deHTMLified lyrics

Bel Canto: Dorothy's Victory
(c)2002 EMI

 1. Foolish Ship
 2. Feels Like I'm Already Flying
 3. You Rock My World Tonight
 4. Disappear Club 5
 5. Night Lady
 6. Dorothy's Victory
 7. Tree
 8. Happy Time Fly Fast!
 9. Im Best'n Beihs
10. Corals, Jade and Pearls
11. Ladonia


1. Foolish Ship

The winter came too soon this year
A white ship in the harbour
Had suddenly sailed in one night without a soul to notice
Once I would rest my blissful eyes upon a pale horizon
Now I'm just lying hiding patiently
Behind this ghostly monsterous ship
Foolish me not to
See we could
Believe it would
Know we could
Know we should
And when I dream I dream of you
You smile my way you take my hand
Ant then we walk into the blue
And I can breathe again
My sister's lent me her blue dress
She says it looks good on me
It's hard to give in to such tenderness
When the darkness clouds your heart
And so they say it's new years eve again
The sky explodes with colours
You are the only one I love
I wonder who is kissing you tonight
And when I dance I dance alone
But I pretend you're by my side
We dance the last waltz of the world
And I can finally breathe again
Thats how it feels when the tiger is loose
That's how it feels again thats how it fells again
To see we could
Believe it would
Know we could
Know we should
The winter came too soon this year
A white ship in the harbour
Had suddenly sailed in one night
Without a soul to notice


2. Feels Like I'm Already Flying

Rosalind parked har lambretta down by the lake
She waited for the others to come down and join the camp
Cindy-mona, joshua and ethan saw her sitting there
She smiled back at him and knew this was the day
Ooh, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba feelings
Ooh, ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba first summer kiss
It feels like I'm already flying
I'm summer hot honey I'm summer hot for your loving
It feels like I'm already flying
I'm summer hot honey I'm summer hot for your loving
Their summer kiss took place under a tree thet night
And feeverish finger were fumbling all around
Then they hurried back to the others sitting by the fire
She didn't know exactly what to do nor to say
Ooh,ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba feelings
Ooh,ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba honey it's you!
It feels like I'm already flying
I'm heavenbound honey I'm heavenbound honey hear me sighing
It feels like I'm already flying
I'm summer hot honey I'm sommer hot for your loving
It feels like I'm oceans away now
I'm heavenbound honey I'm heavenbound watch me sail now
It feels like I'm already flying
I'm summer hot honey I'm summerhot for your loving!


3. You Rock My World Tonight

I couldn't get myself to sleep last night
Oh, how much I longed to have you by my side
I couldn't get myself to sleep
Iwas wide awake dreaming
Cause I had ssen you here the other day
Ever since that moment I've been blown away
I gotta get my lover back gotta reach out for my soul mate
I see you I see you I see you babe
I see you I see you I see you babe you rock my world tonight
I see you babe, you rock my world all right
Some people say love is a mystery
Oh, and it for sure has played some games with me
But if you only let me in I will love you forever
Just like an early morning bingo show;
You win and grab your coat and off you go
And I have never in my life loved so entirely
Oh oh I see you I seee you I see you babe
You rock my world tonight
I see you babe, you rock my world all right
I couldn\t get myself to sleep last night
Oh, how much I longed to have you by myt side
I gotta get my lover back gotta reach out for my soulmate
I see you babe you rock my world tonight
I see you babe you rock my world all right
Ooh ooh ohh ooh-ooh...


4. Disappear Club 5

First thing I woke up and out my bare feet on the floor
Shuffled away to the bathroom and opend the door
Thenb checked my voice mail, got dressed and drove in to the day
Remembering I was running away from a place thet I knew
Remembering I was trying to remember why
Honey I'ts not enough I've checked it out
It's disappear club 5, or what?
I peeped into your file of fackts I saw it in your book
Workday as usual with meetings and conference calls
An assistant of mine gave me looks I have not seen before
I then took the elevator and out on the streets
Cars cept on passing me
Merging and blastering off into the night
Noticed a sign saying disappear here once again
Honey it's not enough I've checked it out
It's disappear club 5 or what
I peeped into your file of facts I saw it in your book
Honey it's not enough I've checked it out
The password's "gemini" or what?
I paeeped it's true and that's a fackt
Ìt as bad as it looks
Remembering how it was to escape from a place thet I knew
Remembering I was trying to remember why
Hioney it's not enough I\ve checked it out
It's disappear club 5, or what?
I peeped into your file of facts I saw it in your book
Honey it's not enough I checked it out
It's fiveteen minutes down the block
You could have told me, really shuld
It's as bad as it looks
As bad as bad as it looks
As bad as it looks
Remember why...


5. Night Lady

This is mnemonic a tool to feel the past
A tasty serum a way to make things last
I have a flower I keep it safe whit me
Under mu pillow it watches over me
Night lady night lady
Sipping myb xo pretending nightime's divine
Neglecting something unmended whithin me
So many orbits surround us in their own time
Wondering how you are doing sweety
You are so gorgeous I know you now so well
You are the tesrdroaps they flood and fill my well
I have a secret it is my golden core
I keep it whith me so I won't hurt no more
Night lady night lady
Nobody saw us descending from the blue skies
So many days spent in perfeckt harmony
How come that nobody noticed, questioning why
Now that my world is no longer you and me
Sipping my xo predending nighttime's devine
Negleckting something unmended whithin me
So many orbits surround us in their own time
Wondering how you are doing sweety
Oh nobody saw us descending from the blue skies
So many days spent in pesfect harmony
How come that nobody noticed, questioning why
Now that my world is no longer you and me
Night lady night lady


6. Dorothy's Victory

Nine seconds before her victory
Dotty fell and hurt her knee
But she'd never noticed it would bleed
Cause as it did se turned the key and she was free
Discussing Dotty Galemore discussing Dotty Galemore
Her reed velvet brush is lying there
With her long silken stray of hairs
God bless the child that's got its own
With nothing broken, nothing taken nothing torn
Discussing Dotty Galemore discussing Dotty Galemore
They wonder now where Dotty's gone
A zillion miles away from home ooh ooh ooh
Discussing Dotty Galemore discoussing Dotty Galemore yeah yeah yeah
Her mummy lost her pebblestone yeah yeah yeah
They wonder now where Dotty's gone


7. Tree

Ici, les arbres vivent dans l'air de la nuit
Et oui les branches vacillent
Mystère des phigénies ici danse l'esprit
Dans l'air de la nuit, cheri dis moi oui
Sous les arbres de la nuit
So did you ever wonder about the tree
How it can hold such innocent mystery
Well, did you ever wonder how it would be
To be a holy moment, to be a tree
Ici, danse l'espirit dans l'air de la nuit
Et oui les branches vacillent
Mystère des phigénies
So did you ever wonder about the tree
How it can hold such radiant mystery
Well, did you ever wonder how it would be
To be and hold the spirit of, the spirit of a tree


8. Happy Time Fly Fast!

Innocent polliwog
That's the way the kitchen sinks and it's not funny no
But that's the way the coockie crumbles so
Chew chew now, oh, chew chew now polliwog
Anno simase
You're looking like a whale who seeks the shore
But sugar pumkin in a few weeks down the track'you'll jump for joy
So take my hand feel the soil
See the sumbeams conjure the sea in my hand is my hand in the mirrored
Sea in my hand is my hand filled with little polliwogs
Innocent polliwog
That's the way the pier walks pumkin
Happy times fly fast
In a few weeks down the track you'll be a boy
So take my hand walk with me
Watch the sunbeams conjure the sea in my hand
Is my hand in the mirrored sea in my hand is my hand
Filled with little ...
Sea in my hand is my hand in the mirrored sea in my hand
Is my hand filled with little polliwogs
(Urashima Tàro told the little children not to tease the turtle)


9. Im Best'n Beihs

[[instrumental]]


10. Corals, Jade and Pearls

I have decided to let go I cannot change the things I know
I have decided to give in like theat I cannot loose nor win
I learnt my lesson well to speak but never tell
About the things I know they know so well
Consigned it to the grave hid it from the day
It has a new deep sense to me just like a new technology
It has a new deep sense everywhere I see
And in the deepest of the night
I saw a glimpse of paradise glimpse of paradise
I learnt my lesson well to speak but never tell
About the things I know you know so well
Corals, jades and pearls are the treasures of this world
Treasures of this world
It has a new deep sense to me: my new delicious vacancy
It has a new immense sensuality
And in the deepest of the nights I looked into his angeleyes
It has a new deep sense to me just like a new technology
It has a new deep sense everywhere I see
And when I looked into his eyes
I saw a glimpse of paradise glimpse of paradise
Oh, my heart


11. Ladonia

Has not ever become so...?
Has not been yet...?
Now...?

Du
Ich träume nur von Dir
Und Du bist hier bei mir
Wir wohnen zusammen in Ladonia
Die Welt mit Seelenruh'
Und wo es keinen Weltschmerz gibt
Jedoch...
Ich weiss es ist ein Traum

Has not ever become so...?
Has not been yet...?
Now...?

Du
Ich denke nur an Dich
Du bist die Welt für mich
Und ich bin die Königin Natalia
In unserer Welt
So weit von hier
So riesengross und schön
Jedoch...
Ich weiss es ist ein Traum

Die Welt mit Seelenruh'
Und wo es keinen Weltschmerz gibt
Jedoch...
Ich weiss es ist ein Traum


[[eof]]
