[2003-10-09] downloaded and deHTMLified lyrics

Bel Canto: Rush
(c)1998 EMI

 1. Images
 2. All I Want to Do
 3. Spacejunk
 4. Verena
 5. Idly I De-Ice
 6. Nornagest
 7. Rush
 8. 99% of Me
 9. The Dinosaur-Slipper-Man
10. Hearts Unite
11. Sun
12. Here in Shadow
13. Heaven


[[ The French/European release of this album was called "Images" and had
different cover/artwork. The tracks, however, are the same. ]]


1. Images

It took some time before it entered my mind,
Before it did, I was fine, I was o.k.
It took some time but when it did cross my mind,
I thought my head was about to detonate.
Images of baby turtles in a commotion
Cracking their eggs and shuffling around in the sand.
Trying desperately to find their way to the ocean
In time before the big birds catch them.

It took some time before it entered my mind, before,
I kind of was blind, I didn't see.
It took some time but when it did cross my mind,
It felt like something inside me was set free.
Images of levitating frogs in motion high up above in enormous magnetic fields.
Images of fishes hopping up from the ocean.

Images of...

In time, in time, in time, it will most surely be time.
Images of psychedelic rats in a fountain which I just passed about two hours
ago.
Some of them with different luminous starmaps on, one was transparent and
indigo.
Images of army snails down under the ocean fighting their way by eating up
monstergrass.
Wonder if they do or do not take any notion?

Images of...

In time...in time, in time, in time, in time, in time, in time,
In time, in time, in time, in time, in time, it will surely be time...


2. All I Want to Do

Who said that one must treasure well good memories
When good memories are those to bring me down.
And it's all because of you for after all this time still being on my mind.
'Cause all I want to do is being close to you.
To hold you by the hand and make you understand.
So another winter's here again...
Frosty windows are blocking my view.
I have refurnished for the umpteenth time.
Oh, but all I want to do is being close to you.
To hold you by the hand and make you understand.
Oh, we're losing so much time...
You're always on my mind.
No, I cannot see this through.
I long so much for you.
My heart gets broken every little now and then...
Why, tell me why, wonder why, tell me why I, you and I, you and I said goodbye.
'Cause all I want to do is being close to you.
To hold you by the hand and make you understand.
We're losing so much time...
You're always on my mind.
Oh, my days are pretty blue.
I need to be with you... that's all I want to do...


3. Spacejunk

Hey, are you ready?
We're leaving now, we're checking out.
Hey, are you coming?
We're ready for departure.
This ship is moving.
Well, the engine is just warming up.
Feels like we're moving.
Son run, run aim and jump.
We're looking for spacejunk.
Yeah, chips & bits.
We've been up north before, so now we're heading east.
East is where it started.
Yeah, east is where is all began.
East is the rising sun, the starting point where all things join.
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I surf across the open sky over hills
And high above rivers deep out on the countryside?
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I feel the ultraviolet vibe high and low and all, all
over me?
Ooh, di-da-di-da it is a spiral sky.
It circles up so high. Up to the point where i'm radiating from the UV's,
I'm radiating from the UV's.
We're looking for spacejunk.
Yeah, chips & bits.
We've been up north before, so now we're heading east.
East is where it started.
Yeah, east is where is all began.
East is the rising sun, the starting point where all things join.
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I surf across the open sky over hills
And high above valleys low out to the urban sites?
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I steer the mighty Dragon Fly?
Got my pockets plenty with wicked spacejunk, yeah.
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I surf across the open sky over hills
And high above rivers deep out on the countryside?
Diddeli-didn't, didn't I feel the ultraviolet vibe high and low and all, all
over me?
Oh, mighty, mighty Dragon Fly.
Got my pockets plenty with wicked spacejunk, yeah.


4. Verena

[[instrumental]]


5. Idly I De-Ice

Behind a misty garden gate,
A place not drawn on any map,
Where barefeet angels dare not tread,
I have found myself sometimes.
You were the one to guide me out of there.
As you held my hand a thorny bush scratched your face.
The night was old and we were running fast.
I was only feeling so odd and very uptight (in deepest emotions of...).
Someone glued a tear in the corner of my eye (I cried, I cried).
Oh, who took a part in 99% of me?
I lost my will, it drowned inside a pool of dark and bitter miseries.
Inside the garden I kneeled down and prayed (in deepest emotions of...).
Inside the garden I bowed to fate (I bowed, I bowed).
Love for life is simply the only thing I live for (in deepest emotions of...).
Being left without it, I could no more endure(I tried, I tried).
I was only feeling so odd and very uptight (in deepest emotions of...).
Now the days are shifting and idly I de-ice (idly de-ice). Idly...


6. Nornagest

[[instrumental]]


7. Rush

Through the night the dark blue men came far across the starry sea,
From Foreverland to Eternity.
Rushed, rushed, rushed to the hill.
There they would engrave the Oracle up on the hill that
"Oh, we are the resurrected and how we are, we are."
We are... Rush, rush, rush to the hill.

Bring the children.
Bring their mothers.
Bring the cattle.
Bring the water.

Rush, hurry now, hurry now up the hill.
Now! Far-descending guests,
Let us wander, wander up on the blue mountain.

Bring the babies.
Bring the homeless.
Bring your treasures.
Bring your lovers.

Rush and see it written there that "How we are, we are."
We are... Rush, rush, rush to the hill.
Rush, rush, rush to the hill.
Do you understand me?
Do you understand me now?
Rush!


8. 99% of Me

[[instrumental]]


9. The Dinosaur-Slipper-Man

The dinosaur-slipper-man does the very best he can
To make a living out if what he does.
He's selling dinosaur-slippers and dinosaur-ties.
Well, then it happened one night, the stars shone bright.
He knew exactly what he had to do.
And then nobody has seen him
Since he walked through that door and disappeared out in the blue.
Did he go now to see them again?
Did he go now to be with them, and if he did, will he come back again?
If he won't, will we know where he went?
Did he go now to see them again?
Did he go now to be with them, and if he did, will he come back again?
If he won't, do you know where he went?
The dinosaur-slipper-man has concealed his masterplan inside a Power PC CPU.
It has something to do with that he's met someone else on a cyberspace
rendez-vous.
And so it happened that night, the stars shone bright.
He knew exactly when to flee.
He must have said to his baby; stationary baby:
"You must cover up for me."
Did he go now to see them again?
Did he go now to be with them, and if he did, will he come back again?
If he won't, will we know where he went?
Did he go now to see them again?
Did he go now to be with them, and if he did, will he come back again?
If he won't, do you know where he went?


10. Hearts Unite

You rule my dreams.
You rule my world.
You rule my every thought.
But for a lifetime's savings I still can not buy your love.
I just want everything.
I just want everyone to see me happy and safe in your arms.
Instead I guess I have to wait.
Guess I have to wait until our hearts unite, until you redecide.
I'll live my life, I'll do my best.
The very best I can.
And no one has the right to tell me where on how or when.
Be my delight tonight.
Step out into the light.
Don't make me wander about in distress.
Tonight is the night when the stars are gonna give you my caress.
They'll make our hearts unite.
They'll make you redecide.
That's when you hearts unite.
That's when we syncronize.
Until our hearts unite, until you redecide.
Until out heats unite, ooh, until we syncronize.


11. Sun

Even if I am tempted I won't apologize to you.
Those torn-out pages in my agenda are a few too many.
I've started to count backwards and now
I'm almost halfway through, but I fear that I never will get to zero.
So, now I say "Oh, won't the sun rise over me."
All I say is; "Oh, won't the sun..."
Even if I am tempted, I won't apologize to you.
You've got some tender arms to enfold you and still you're spiteful.
My soul is far from redemption,
I must submit to what I've done and it's to late for me now to beg for mercy.
In that moment when I die, long before my heart decides to,
Will I be whiped-out, erased?
No, you will never see me surrender,
I'm gonna keep my head held high and I know now in whom I can trust; nobody.
So, now I say; "Oh, won't the sun rise over me."
All I say is; "Oh, won't the sun..."
All i'm saying is; "Oh, won't the sun rise just for me."
All I'm begging is... It got visual, didn't it?
It gets visible, well doesn't it?
It gets much too much, doesn't it?
And, so it has to end.


12. Here in Shadow

I drift away


13. Heaven

So inaccessable.
Who blew the torch out?
Who blew the torch out?
The young man cast adrift across the lit ocean to see the one he loved.
And so it was that heaven raged.
He crashed against the reckless waves as the thunder cracked...
Oh, who blew?
Now she stands there on the shore in quiet torment.
She knows... "You, my endless horizon. For it must be that heaven will join us."
"Oh angel, won't you rescue him?
It's way to dark for him to swim.
Won't you take him to me, won't you?"
Now she stands there all alone.
Her eyes stare way out into the blue.
"You, my endless horizon.
So let it be that heaven will join us one day."


[[eof]]
